I heard that Chinese people love to drink tea
this tea
I prepared it specially for you
I never drink tea
If you don’t drink, you have to try it.
You will get used to it
This tea is good
what do you want to do?
i hope you continue
Go on
This is not a game from long ago
psychology
as long as you are
game mentality
The task is not terrible
But the game account
has been cancelled
presentable
I'll give you another chance
Don't act rashly next time
no i don't understand
there are many players
Why
Are you looking for us?
because of this mission
IST you.
Mr. Huang
He also came to Macau
what do you want to do?
we hope
in order to take advantage of this opportunity
to his computer
copy something
therefore
you do not know
you are a spy gang
In fact, what are we
It doesn't matter
what matters is you
I can not do that
But you've done a good job before
every task
you will get
Match rewards
in fact
During the game
you already are
real spy
Give up at this time
The consequences will be very bad
How serious will the consequences be?
Go to the Office of National Security
inform us
I'd rather go to jail
There's no way I'm stealing from my dad.
therefore
Then we just need
Let’s go directly to Mr. Huang
You say you have the ability
come
Huang Ziqing
calm down
we are here to talk to you
We don't want to disturb Mr. Huang
I'm glad you think so
And the rules of the game
since we are playing
you won't give up
you can give up
I can help you
But you can't hurt Lao Huang
no use to you
As long as you cooperate with us
we can
peaceful style
In order to complete this task
I will help you
The first square is a Japanese restaurant
Its location has been determined
call him now
He brought his mobile phone
if they come to you again
He won't act rashly
I'll let you know when I get a chance
turn on sound
If there is any noise, please massage 1
Press 2 to go home for dinner
Please hang up if you want to borrow money.
moving hand
Comrade Huang
Where are you
business travel
Comrade Huang
Where are you drunk?
Macao
Where
you are in macau
What a coincidence
I am also in Macau
Why didn't you come to Macau?
Why didn't you tell me?
not long ago
I'm here on a business trip
You didn't tell me you came to Macau
Tomorrow I will return to Tianhai
let's eat together
I have a meeting in the afternoon
tonight
OK
I'll send you the address later
Lao Huang
give yourself to me
Don't let yourself be too tired
Comrade Huang
Why did you hear that?
you are wrong
what happened?
What's wrong?
I ask you to be careful
Come to Macau
Don't go to unhygienic places
You idiot
OK
I hang up the phone, see you tonight
very good
sorry
why do you apologize
if i don't ask you
Travel to Macau
nothing will happen
Why did you invite me to Macau?
Lao Huang is here too
Don't tell me this is a coincidence
it's no coincidence
this is my mission
Which mission?
special mission
What?
When we exit the game together
intuitive
force me
Continue with e-tasks
if i don't agree
He sent me to jail.
I threaten
she threatened me
I don't want to go to jail
I can't involve my family
So you lied to me here
but i swear
I really do not know
Uncle is here too
they said
This is the last mission
after finishing
we will be free
Do you really believe it?
what do they say
sorry
I have no other choice
welcome
Food delivery service you requested
I listen
Thanks
why don't you eat
I can't eat
Eat some
After I am satisfied
you
if you want to escape
will you help me?
Do you have cash?
I have several thousand dollars
How much do you want
everything
we only have one chance
What exactly do you want me to do?
i need a phone call
Telephone
It's my responsibility to get their attention
You are responsible for cleaning
bring your mobile phone
Even if you can't escape
I can communicate with the outside world
remember
This is our only chance
Please take it away when you're done eating.
ok sir
What's wrong?
what happened
welcome
Do you have a phone
Telephone
What on earth can I do?
i need a phone call
Telephone
It's my responsibility to get their attention
You are responsible for cleaning
bring your mobile phone
Even if you can't escape
I can communicate with the outside world
remember
This is our only chance
Yes
Sir, what's the matter?
I have 5,000 yuan
give me two hours
please
Do I need to notify the police?
Do you need help
I won't run
Why does Huang Zicheng need a mobile phone?
I have no idea
Maybe he wants to call the police
Or call his father
I know
He wouldn't be that honest
I hope you won't do anything stupid
Give him the phone
I want to see him
Who wants to contact him
Are you OK
I can handle it
Do you understand it?
let's come out and breathe
OK
Who will you call?
Ask for help
I'm waiting
Contact police here
Different from "Tian Hai"
Do you think the police can save us?
if
So who do you call?
take it easy
Believe me
"Gao Tianyang."
welcome
what do you want to do?
Aren't you Gao Tianyang?
this way
You almost succeeded
Unfortunately
The waiter's phone number is not secure
Call Gao Tianyang
What do you want to say?
Does he know you play games?
do you know
What is he doing?
nature
I want to see
he knows you are
Say you are a spy
but not now
Don't do useless things
when i lose
patience
you will suffer
Your father will also be involved with you
I can do it
But I have a condition
Let me meet Mr. Zhang
Mr. Zhang
Why do you want to see it?
let's talk about terms
How much do you want to negotiate terms?
I have something important
i want to tell her
you can tell me
You are not qualified
this makes me angry
no use to you
if you do
I can't go back
Let me meet Mr. Zhang
I want to talk to her
stop fooling me
do something
Have you discovered anything new?
look at this
You have checked your electronic payment history
Register your payment online
I found that he bought a lot
Things used by spouse
two lovers
look
There are two couple cups
key button
Perfume for women
but from where
According to data
Hanji doesn’t have a girlfriend
people watching
Have you found someone?
who is he
with anyone
No
perhaps
he bought these things
to attract women
I know a woman
you know him very well
who is he
Continue to investigate
Hello
hello from here
Please take a seat
welcome
look at the list
Thanks
What do you want to eat today?
Your boss is not here today
Went to the seafood market today
buy goods
forward
Recommended by your boss
Today is a must
I think it's good
OK
think about it
If you think about it, please give me a call
I am coming
We haven't ordered food yet
I haven't placed an order yet
There is fresh fish
Would you like to taste it?
You must try it
Sit down quickly
OK
Hold on
Watermelon Crab Salad
And our company
belly meat
It was transferred from the Chinese Air Force.
good quality
Already mature for ten days
It’s the off-season for fish lately
few goods
I will try it
Do you have any opinion?
tasty
strong fragrance
I'll cook you a beef meal
perhaps
Incidentally
The seafood market mentioned last time
can you pay me for his store
I'm fine, I can do it myself
go shopping and study
At least
do not understand anything
I remember last time
last time
That's it, look
The president is an expert
also very interesting
Fish King Hanji
do you want something to drink
noon
I can not drink
I have work in the afternoon
ok have fun
OK, continue your work
If you are interested
you can add
Our official account on our store
If there is fresh fish
will be sent
Thanks
But if you are not interested in ichthyosis
he is our boss
you can add this
Would you promote your boss?
I think you two are in sync.
Does your boss have a boyfriend?
single
I've never seen her have a boyfriend
OK
Understood
Thanks
my Lord
Help yourself
Let's start
Welcome back to Special Mission
I'm not a gamer anymore
you are always a player
In the private world of workers
You are the best
What about the real world?
This is something you can't get
in the real world
Don't put it nicely
The person I'm facing is my father
This job is suitable for you
so easy
Don't break this limit
I can help you
But I have two conditions
tell me
Not allowed in any form
with Huang Jiaming
it won't do anything to you
Even if you threaten me
no benefit
Really?
This will allow us to complete
you can't get what you want
as long as you do well
We won't bother Huang Gaming
and
Yaoyao is released
Yaoyao can help you
I do not need
all you want is me
she is innocent
It seems important to you
This is a collaboration between us
I don't want her to get involved.
OK
she can withdraw
Let her go tonight
I told Mr. Zhang
you can come back
return
Where to go?
I will return to Tianhai
or anywhere you want to go
if you leave on a special mission
you can go anywhere you want
I
And you?
I will return to the game
I have promised them
impossible
I can't bet
Lao Huang's life
they are too
for me
Your input is not required
Yes or no
go
sorry
it's not about me
let the game continue
Needless to say
no matter what you did before
I believe
Our memories are beautiful
sorry
They're targeting me
Lorak
They will have other ideas
to hurt me
Zicheng
Let's think of another way
It's not easy to get a chance to go out
what are you waiting for?
let's go
go
We're fucked
Zicheng
listen to me
Let's think of another way
Zicheng
I
Huang Ziqing
Let's figure it out together
is it possible?
nurse, nurse
Nurse
I'm about to be discharged from hospital
Are you going to be discharged from hospital?
Yes
I have
Very important
But my legs still hurt
can you help me think of a way
what will you do?
closure
you are athletic
I'm not
Why are you so diligent?
I am Guo An
I will call the doctor immediately
"Gao Tianyang."
where are you going?
Something happened to Huang Zicheng
No one handles it?
I want to go too
you can't go
Why?
Huang Zicheng is my man
I have to go
You're not thinking very well right now
Your legs are gone
i can overcome it
you are in this situation
i look good
closure
if you can go
You have to go early, don't you?
So I can only go now
I'm not sure anyone else will go
Can you give me a ride?
No
What's your job?
Can you please stop being so stubborn?
do you know
when she is stubborn
unacceptable
do not you?
"Gao Tianyang."
I have to go
No
wasting my time
What happened to Huang Zicheng
Can you think of it?
other people's feelings
if something happens to him
Do you feel guilty?
boarding
do you see me
watch me play games
let's go
we have a problem
what happened
spies threaten me
Your files have been stolen
Don't read casually
they are their men
Call the police quickly
where to go
every word you say
i heard him
No
We have to find a more secret way
Lao Huang
If there is something in your mouth, wipe it off
I'm going to the bathroom
go
I'll call the police
let's go
It's time for father and son to meet
i must clean
Sir please hurry up
OK
no partner
Do you feel uncomfortable?
What
Do you want to send a pretty girl to see me?
We have more places to hide
Can Mr. Huang return to Tianhai safely?
It's still a problem now
what do you want
all files
it takes time
🇨🇳 🇨🇳 🇨🇳TAKE ACTION
I found a way for you
what to do
Let Mr. Huang take it
he will sleep well
I won't give him this
if you don't
we can help you
i don't do that
Do I know what medicine this is?
I will give him medicine
Do you dare to take this medicine?
Don't worry
What are you looking at?
there is nothing
before i see you
i think you are fooling me
What a coincidence
we can meet in macau
Is it magnetic?
let's go
This is it
Okay, wait a minute
What happened to you?
Did you lose your wallet?
Or lost your wallet?
Is this clear?
Lost money at the casino
A problem that can be solved with money
This is not a problem
What's this?
I was hurt by a woman
it's no big deal
I am now
I don't have any requirements
As long as it doesn't break the law
I'm worried about you
What am I worried about?
There are many types of this now
like you
senior commander
The weakness of human nature has been caught
nice money
I did everything I could to get you out
you must be careful
Can you
i hope i'm okay
Fortunately
you are strong
Loyalty and justice
at the decisive moment
I still want to kill my relatives for justice
Wipe your mouth quickly
what happened
dirty
There's something on your mouth
what do you think? Anything else?
No
Go and have a look
my Lord
Is this wine good?
It's possible, it's possible
OK
I didn't see clearly what was written on the paper
I know
Uncle Huang
welcome
This is it
I am Yaoyao
Xie Zheng's sweetheart
Hello
You hurt me
i did well
Come on
Please take a seat
thank you uncle
Thanks
waiter
Add a set of tools
OK
Zicheng
The girl is back
this means
I have forgiven you
unnecessary
who knows if
hurt me again
we came together
I can not
leave you here alone
look
You can't be narrow-minded
how generous she is
hey girl
The one who came to see me in the hospital last time
IST you
Yes
It's me, uncle
he is stubborn
always
This makes other people angry
He is there alone in sorrow
Know
Then it
I would rather be sad
Don't beg others
Yes
before you come
you are shy
looks different now
I became more active
my uncle
he is stubborn
Actually I'm glad to be back
Come on
welcome
The wine has arrived
Thanks
OK
I listen
Thanks
Have you really decided to come back?
it's my choice
no matter what the result is
I admit
Why do I feel this way?
like at a wedding
Your words are heavy, girl
There is still a long way to go in life
Difficulties are inevitable
this is correct
you are still young
No deep hatred
Everyone take a step back
Uncle is right
life only once
You can't act rashly
No need, miss.
let's go
lifestyle
there are many possibilities
let's go
Let's toast
What a coincidence
we can meet in macau
for you
cheers
my dad
Call Gao Tianyang
He said I am now
I don't
what are you waiting for?
I can't find a good opportunity
I warned you not to play tricks
if you don't act
won't have a chance
if you don't
I'll cook for you
He can't control the dose
maybe he will never wake up
No
I gotta go
naughty
when he was young
I'm feeling better now
really
we drink to you
Come, come, come
fun
come together
Uncle said you are still a child
I'm so naughty
Not to mention the courage at that time
Uncle said you were fat when you were young
really
I tell you
I have a picture to prove it
my dad
Look at what he looked like when he was young
let me see
look
when he was young
This was when he was little
too fat
Uncle, how old are you?
five or six years